Add initial readme (#179)
zigpy/zha: README.md

# Zigbee Home Automation (ZHA)

[![CI](https://github.com/zigpy/zha/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/zigpy/zha/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
[![Coverage Status](https://codecov.io/gh/zigpy/zha/branch/dev/graph/badge.svg)](https://app.codecov.io/gh/zigpy/zha/tree/dev)
[![python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3.12-3776AB.svg?logo=python)](https://www.python.org)
[![pre-commit](https://img.shields.io/badge/pre--commit-enabled-brightgreen?logo=pre-commit)](https://github.com/pre-commit/pre-commit)
[![PyPI version](https://badge.fury.io/py/zha.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/py/zha)

> [![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

Reviewer: Should also be Apache 2.0 here, not MIT:
```suggestion
[![License: Apache 2.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache_2.0-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/license/apache-2-0)
```

    - `uv pip install -U pip setuptools pre-commit`: This command uses the "uv" tool to upgrade the "pip" package manager, as well as install or upgrade the "setuptools" and "pre-commit" packages. "pip" is the default package manager for Python, "setuptools" is a library that facilitates packaging Python projects, and "pre-commit" is a tool for managing and enforcing pre-commit hooks in a Git repository.

    - `uv pip install -r requirements_test.txt`: This command uses the "uv" tool to install the Python packages listed in the "requirements_test.txt" file. This file typically contains a list of dependencies required for running tests in the project.

    - `uv pip install -e .`: This command uses the "uv" tool to install the project itself in editable mode. The dot (.) represents the current directory, so this command installs the project as a package in the virtual environment.

    - `pre-commit install`: This command installs Git pre-commit hooks for the project. Pre-commit hooks are scripts that run before each commit is made in a Git repository, allowing you to enforce certain checks or actions before committing changes.
    </details>

## License

> ZHA is released under the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT). Please refer to the LICENSE file for more details

Reviewer: It's Apache 2.0 since https://github.com/zigpy/zha/pull/61. Before that, it was GPLv3.
```suggestion
ZHA is released under the [Apache 2.0 License](https://opensource.org/license/apache-2-0). Please refer to the LICENSE file for more details
```
